INFORMED CONSENT FORM Cognitive Processes in Multitask Environments 
 , hereby agree to participate as a subject in the research project Cognitive Processes in Multitask Environments conducted in the laboratory of Professor Kate Arrington. 

 
The purpose of the study is to study the cognitive processes involved when people select and perform tasks in multitask environments. Your participation in the study will involve performing several simple classification tasks presented on a computer display. The experimenter will instruct you as to the particular nature of the stimuli you will be viewing and the responses that you should use. You may also be asked to complete some simple scales regarding personal characteristics and demographics. You are free to skip any questions that you may not wish to answer. 
This experiment will include one two session(s) (circled amount) that will last approximately 30 60 90 minutes (circled amount). 
The possible risks associated with the study are no greater than you would experience in viewing a standard computer screen for the same period of time. You may not receive any direct benefits from participating in this study other than increased knowledge of scientific research in general, but participation may help to increase knowledge that may benefit others in the future. 
Any data or answers to questions will remain confidential with regard to your identity. Any information collected through this research project that personally identifies you will not be voluntarily released or disclosed without your separate consent, except as specifically required by law. 
Your participation is voluntary and you are free to withdraw from this study at any time without jeopardizing your relationship with Lehigh University. 
If you have any questions about this study and what is expected of you in this study, you may contact Dr. Kate Arrington at 758-4230 or kate.arrington@lehigh.edu. 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this study and would like to talk to someone other than the researcher(s), you are encouraged to contact Naomi E. Coll, Lehigh University's Manager of Research Integrity, at (610)758-2985 or nac314@lehigh.edu. All reports or correspondence will be kept confidential. 
I have read and understand the foregoing information. 
Date Subject's Signature 
I, the undersigned, have defined and fully explained the investigation to the above subject. 
Date Investigator's Signature 